if there's some options that are open to you about studying I think there
are number factors you should look at if you're straight out of
high school I think the first factor is you need to do a very realistic
evaluation and have some other people help you evaluating from the
other side outside of yourself about how mature you are and how ready
you are for what kind of university or college setting a lot of
people I know and I was probably one of them with them did much better
advised to have Pagel read to my folks and stayed home for my first
two years of college and gone to a local junior college in California
at least the junior colleges are set up to be feeders in the state
college system so they have very rigorous courses basic introductory
courses you can take very cheap very convenient a lot better than
going off and I just I think I need some guidance I tried going
to college on my own for the first two years there really was a disaster
set me back home ways and had to make up for it later that I should
have had the other thing you do you think about is what are you
a big institution person or small it's you did you really enjoy being
with big crowds are you like a small setting and then look for a
college that offers whatever fits you best